hi I'm Sarah from the good food magazine
and I'm going to show you how to make my
mary terry fears right this one's got
quite a few different alcohols in it but
I think it's worth buying cause I think
it's gonna be one you'll make again
again and again so I think it's a good
one normally I try and do things with
not so much in them but honestly I think
this is worth it and I'm going to show
you like a winter way of serving and a
summer way of serving it so it's really
really flexible everyone like cherries
yeah yes and when I maraschino cherries
yeah yeah a little nutty ones
okay so first I'm going in with some
Kirsch this is quite easy to make
because you just need the same size
measure it's basically all quantities so
this is a 50 mil measure and it will do
about six people or so generously so 50
ml of Kirsch and you can get this in
quite nice small bottles so you're not
going to waste too much here in with
that one then I've got some amaretti or
amaretto or Disaronno I think we call it
now and that's like just really nice
almondy flavors so anyone got a bottle
of that in their cupboard or I do yeah
it's ready for Christmas yeah yeah I
admit it
I love this is my favorite in like hot
chocolate or something like that
Oh hot chocolate with a glug of that or
over ice cream okay put the amaretti
away Sarah okay
and then I've got some cherry brandy so
you could make your own a bit like penny
slow June
you just put nice fresh cherries into
brandy with a bit of sugar
leave it seat for a while if not you can
buy it if you can't find it literally
just double up on the Kirsch and the
amaretto bit
but if you if you make it yourself or
you can get a really nice ruby colored
one this dud does make it really nice
color
so another 50 of that the same
quantities of Cointreau sorry Kirsch
amaretti and your cherry brandy and then
double the amount of vodka so I'm gonna
do two measures of vodka I told you Cruz
do you expect people to be standing up
after me hopefully not no see I
personally I could probably do without
the book on this one but um maybe the
others be a bit pungent without it but
vodkas something everyone always has
they doesn't know so if you have vanilla
vodka that would be really really nice
or maybe something with orange in it so
go with these flavors like some of those
citrus book cuz you get and just gonna
mix this around brandy you've just
joined us so are you a cocktail lover or
just a foodie who wants some cocktail
ideas or think it's growing on me at the
moment I was intrigued but it's
definitely something that I'll be
starting out with at the beginning of
the new year newsy honestly I feel like
you could wear any one with this one
this is a good one so I've just got some
fizz glasses champagne glasses you could
do it in like martini glasses or
anything but I figure everybody has a
set of champagne glasses so I'm going to
divvy it up honestly this is gonna be
quite potent I've got six although
there's eight of us in the team today so
that's a really pretty color it's
gorgeous isn't it that's the--that's the
cherry Brown it's worthwhile getting it
because it does add a lovely color I
mean if I was doing it and I didn't have
the right stuff because obviously
Keisha's is just clear but really you
know nice cherry flavor you could always
add a drop of food coloring like so I
bake a lot I've got loads and loads of
food colorings in my cupboards and I
kind of put it in anything now doesn't
really add any flavor so why not
it's a Randi what's your favorite
cocktail apart from obviously this one
which is gonna be your new favorite
fizzy vodka base whiskey base anything
okay well this I think I think you'll
like this one so there's my glass I was
having a party I'd have this already
done have these lined up on the side
looking really pretty like I said summer
or winter version so I like to use
seasonal fruit and things like that
but in the summer I would use whole
cherries with a stalk so we do every
other one with a whole Terry with a
stalk I was trying to see if I had a
double stalk but I don't so that's a
nice red one and then in the winter when
fresh cherries are probably not very
nice and I've traveled a long way got
maraschino cherries and because we've
got the Owlman going in there sort of
has the same flavor so they look great
and they're like psychedelic aren't they
anyone used to have baby sham arena yeah
yeah I loved baby sham right and then
I've just gotten a fizzy grape juice to
top this up with so this is your sort of
mixer so you know if you were thinking
these are going to be a bit stronger you
could do kind of same quantities but
maybe make eight or ten out of these if
you thought it's going to be a bit
potent for your guests
and luck the ones with the maraschino
cherries look great you can see the
color of those it's not a sparkling
juice you're putting in there
yeah sparkling red grape juice so again
adds a nice color you could go in with
anything really the sparkling cranberry
juice or something like that would be
nice
it does look a lovely Christmasy color
yeah it does doesn't it it's kind of
imagine a row of them lined up on your
table if you're having like a can and
pay party or something like that and
then all the food around maybe I do
another one that was kind of green or
something then you could have a really
nice mixture so what do you think of
that one it's sort of a bit harder but
how much do you think that's one of
those that's really deceptive and you
have to warn people before they have
more than one I think you'd see the
cherry and think oh that's that's nice
and fruity I said something about the
cache I can see this kind of you know
snuggled up after skiing or something
like that it's got that kind of
Scandinavian feel I think I'm gonna try
bit this one just so I can check that
I've put the right quantities in of
course it's so delicious it's like a
Bakewell tart in a glass obviously the
almond and the cherry folks we like
Bakewell tart just make these so this is
my Mary terry
Fears perfect if you want something
sparkly on Christmas Day is there is
there a substitute you could have the
vodka with a big fan of vodka gin or
just double ups to say so I put in
double the amount of vodka to everything
else
if you scaled the other ingredients up
by one and a half you could leave out
the vocal completely and it doesn't it
doesn't taste very vodka II because I
think the others are so strong but you
could do like 75 mils Kisch 75 mils of
the cherry brandy and then just forget
the bulk all together yeah
brilliant it was still be nice it's
quite warming I only had a little sip
best to warn the guests I think
you